# 236A. Boy or Girl

brute force/implementation/strings, 800, https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/236/A

Those days, many boys use beautiful girls' photos as avatars in forums. So it is pretty hard to tell the gender of a user at the first glance. Last year, our hero went to a forum and had a nice chat with a beauty (he thought so). After that they talked very often and eventually they became a couple in the network.

But yesterday, he came to see "her" in the real world and found out "she" is actually a very strong man! Our hero is very sad and he is too tired to love again now. So he came up with a way to recognize users' genders by their user names.

This is his method: if the number of distinct characters in one's user name is odd, then he is a male, otherwise she is a female. You are given the string that denotes the user name, please help our hero to determine the gender of this user by his method.

**Input**

The first line contains a non-empty string, that contains only lowercase English letters — the user name. This string contains at most 100 letters.

**Output**

If it is a female by our hero's method, print "CHAT WITH HER!" (without the quotes), otherwise, print "IGNORE HIM!" (without the quotes).

Examples

input

```
wjmzbmr
```

output

```
CHAT WITH HER!
```

input

```
xiaodao
```

output

```
IGNORE HIM!
```

input

```
sevenkplus
```

output

```
CHAT WITH HER!
```

Note

For the first example. There are 6 distinct characters in "wjmzbmr". These characters are: "w", "j", "m", "z", "b", "r". So wjmzbmr is a female and you should print "CHAT WITH HER!".



```python
s = input()
fq = 26*[0]

for c in s:
        fq[ord(c) - ord('a')] += 1

nCount = 0
for i in range(26):
        if fq[i]!=0 :
                nCount += 1

if nCount%2 == 1:
        print('IGNORE HIM!')
else:
        print('CHAT WITH HER!')
```



```python
s = set()
s.update(input())
if len(s)%2 == 1:
    print('IGNORE HIM!')
else:
    print('CHAT WITH HER!')
```

update Method:

This method is used to return the union of a set and the set of elements from one or more iterable like string, list, set. It is very similar to **union()** method, with difference is that where union() method create and return a new set, containing all the elements ( distinct ) present in all the iterables, update() method updates the set on which this method is called with all the distinct elements present in all the iterables.



C++

```c++
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
int main(){
        set<char> s; char c;
        while(cin>>c)
                s.insert(c);
        cout<<(s.size()&1?"IGNORE HIM!":"CHAT WITH HER!");
}
```


