# 282A. Bit++

implementation, 800, http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/282/A

The classic programming language of Bitland is Bit++. This language is so peculiar and complicated.

The language is that peculiar as it has exactly one variable, called *x*. Also, there are two operations:

- Operation ++ increases the value of variable *x* by 1.
- Operation -- decreases the value of variable *x* by 1.

A statement in language Bit++ is a sequence, consisting of exactly one operation and one variable *x*. The statement is written without spaces, that is, it can only contain characters "+", "-", "X". Executing a statement means applying the operation it contains.

A programme in Bit++ is a sequence of statements, each of them needs to be executed. Executing a programme means executing all the statements it contains.

You're given a programme in language Bit++. The initial value of *x* is 0. Execute the programme and find its final value (the value of the variable when this programme is executed).

**Input**

The first line contains a single integer *n* (1 ≤ *n* ≤ 150) — the number of statements in the programme.

Next *n* lines contain a statement each. Each statement contains exactly one operation (++ or --) and exactly one variable *x* (denoted as letter «X»). Thus, there are no empty statements. The operation and the variable can be written in any order.

**Output**

Print a single integer — the final value of *x*.

Examples

input

```
1
++X
```

output

```
1
```

input

```
2
X++
--X
```

output

```
0
```



定义两种运算，++表示 +1，，--表示 -1 x的值不断更新

```python
n = int(input())
x = 0
for i in range(n):
	statement = input()
	if '++' in statement:
		x += 1
	else:
		x -= 1
print(x)
```

short code

```python
f=input
print(sum('+'in f() or -1 for i in range(int(f()))))
```



C++，陆宸

```c++
#include <iostream>
#include <cstring>
using namespace std;
int main (){
        short n;
        int x = 0;
        cin >> n;
        string a[n];
        for (short i = 0; i < n; i++){
                a[i] = "0";
        }
        for (short j = 0; j < n; j++){
                cin >> a[j];
        }
        for (short w = 0; w < n; w++){
                if (a[w] == "++X" || a[w] == "X++"){
                        x++;
                }else{
                        x--;
                }
        }
        cout << x;
        return 0;
}
```


